docs: add contributor guide on adding examples (#1244)
ngi-nix/ngipkgs: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Run the Nix code formatter with `nix fmt`
1. Commit your changes and [create a new PR](#how-to-create-pull-requests-to-ngipkgs)

## How to add an example

An example, is a valid configuration of an existing application module that illustrates how to use it.
Examples should capture a characteristic use case of the application and work exactly as shown.
Therefore, examples are only displayed to users if they have working tests.

To add an example:

1. Figure out the application module options and how they are configured. For instace, this can be done by looking at the module's source code.

2. Create a new `.nix` file to contain the valid example configuration.
> [!NOTE]
>
> - Examples should work as-is without requiring additional configuration outside of what's shown.
> - Include all necessary options and dependent services.

3. In the project's `default.nix`, reference the example with a clear description:

   ```nix
   nixos.modules.services.some-service = {
     module = ./services/some-service/module.nix;

>      examples.basic = {
>       # Path to the file containing the example configuration
>       module = ./services/some-service/examples/basic.nix;
>       description = "Basic mail server setup with default ports";

Reviewer: We've discussed this last week, and while there's no infrastructure to make use of it yet, let's just get the instructions right and backfill what we already have to fit the pattern as we go.

```suggestion
     examples."Basic mail server setup with default ports" = {
      module = ./services/some-service/examples/basic.nix;
      description = "Send email via SMTP to port `${somehow access the right value here}` to check that it works";
```

Note that `description` is for instructions on playing with the example. They're ~optional as opposed to a title. Maybe eventually we should rename the field, but it's not that important as long as it's clear what it's for.

     };
   };
   ```
3. Ensure the example works by building and running its test.

> > [!NOTE]
> > <!--TODO: Reference the tests section when it is written -->
> > - Refer to the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ngipkgs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to write tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--TODO: Reference the tests section when it is written -->
```

Let's addit when it's there
